R3.16 changelog additions (#11328)
haskell/cabal: release-notes/cabal-install-3.16.1.0.md

  This adds the GHC Project Unit ID (ABI tag) and store path to the cabal path output as "compiler-abi-tag" and "compiler-store-path". These have been used in cabal-install since 3.12.1.0.

- Better error messages when repl command is missing a target [#10527](https://github.com/haskell/cabal/issues/10527) [#10684](https://github.com/haskell/cabal/pull/10684)

  With a project, the REPL command requires a target. If one is not given then a
  message is shown explaining this and naming the project if the `--project-file`

>   option was given (but not when the default 'cabal.project' project name is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  option was given (but not when the default `cabal.project` project name is used
```
